# BudgetSimulation
If you want to examine the content of the thesis in detail, you can reach it from the address "https://tez.yok.gov.tr/UlusalTezMerkezi/tarama.jsp" by typing 677793 in the Thesis Number section.

Purpose: Fleet leasing can be defined as a transaction, which simplifies the need for a certain period or monthly payment, which minimizes vehicle purchases. One of the important issues to be taken into consideration in the leasing companies is budgeting. Budgeting; is a way of managing the money of people or companies with income and expenses in every scale with long-term plans in order to reach the determined target. Budgeting can also be defined as the factor leading to financial success. Budgeting is one of the most important problems that may be encountered in fleet leasing sector. Budgeting aims to see companies in front of them to make informed decisions and offer solutions to important problems. Some of the fleet leasing companies, which were not well budgeted, could not survive due to exchange rate volatility. In this paper, budgeting work of a private fleet sizing company has been made. 
Method: In accordance with the information received from the company, the data obtained were adapted to the probability distributions and the possible situations of expenses and revenues were observed. A budgeting study was carried out with the help of simulation technique by linking cost and income items.
Findings: In line with the parameters of the Company, the simulation model is operated using the web interface. After the simulation is complete, annual net cost and profit values are obtained. 
Results: With the completion of the simulation, the most critical information such as leasing offers, optimum stock levels, safety stocks, and the company's 5-year separate budget was calculated. 5 years compared and the highest figure is determined as my annual budget target.
Keywords: discrete event simulation; fleet leasing budgeting; service systems
